Empty params arrays are implementation-defined; see issue #200 (#377)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/expressions.md

> ```
> the second invocation of `F` causes a `System.ArrayTypeMismatchException` to be thrown because the actual element type of `b` is `string` and not `object`. *end example*

> When a function member with a parameter array is invoked in its expanded form, the invocation is processed as if an array creation expression with an array initializer ([§12.7.11.5](expressions.md#127115-array-creation-expressions)) was inserted around the expanded arguments. An empty array is passed when there are no arguments for the parameter array; it is implementation-defined whether the reference passed is to a newly allocated or existing empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a function member with a parameter array is invoked in its expanded form with at least one expanded argument, the invocation is processed as if an array creation expression with an array initializer ([§12.7.11.5](expressions.md#127115-array-creation-expressions)) was inserted around the expanded arguments. An empty array is passed when there are no arguments for the parameter array; it is unspecified whether the reference passed is to a newly allocated or existing empty array.
```

> When a function member with a parameter array is invoked in its expanded form with at least one expanded argument, the invocation is processed as if an array creation expression with an array initializer ([§12.7.14.5](expressions.md#127115-array-creation-expressions)) was inserted around the expanded arguments. An empty array is passed when there are no arguments for the parameter array; it is unspecified whether the reference passed is to a newly allocated or existing empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a function member with a parameter array is invoked in its expanded form with at least one expanded argument, the invocation is processed as if an array creation expression with an array initializer ([§12.7.14.5](expressions.md#127145-array-creation-expressions)) was inserted around the expanded arguments. An empty array is passed when there are no arguments for the parameter array; it is unspecified whether the reference passed is to a newly allocated or existing empty array.
```
